Depo
====

A shellscript for deploying node.js applications on a remote server using ssh, git and virtualhosts. When doing updates with this script the server copy of the repository will be reset to HEAD.

On your client(s) (depo.sh)
--------------------------

Place the script depo.sh on the client from where you would like to manage the deployments
depo.sh has the following options:

- Setup a new virtualhost and checkout the specified repository using git
	
		$ depo create [nameOfVirtualHost] [repository] [optional branch]    

- Update the repository for the selected virtualhost on the server. (Rest to HEAD) 
  This will remove local modifications on the server repository, it is not a merge.
  	
		$ depo update [nameOfVirtualHost]

- Show a list of all virtual hosts, folders, associated git repository urls and current branches on the remote server. 

		$ depo list

- Restart the proxy server (using forever). Will start it if not already running.
	
		$ depo restart

Author: Charlie Rudenstål <charlie4@gmail.com>


On your server (DepoProxy)
-------------------------

Put the folder ``DepoProxy`` somewhere on your server, enter it, and the run

	$ npm install

To install its dependencies (currently express).
Make sure that the user you use for depo.sh can access this folder.

You will also need to install forever from
https://github.com/nodejitsu/forever/

server.js will be re-generated by depo.sh

When a new virtualhost is added (using depo create) it will: 
1. Remove the last line (app.listen()), 
2. Append a new app.use() statement
3. Append app.listen() again *

Virtual hosts that depo.sh generates looks something like this:
	app.use(express.vhost('beta.example.org', require('/home/cr/beta.example.org').app));

You may modify server.js on your own risk, but be 
sure to leave no newlines on the end of the file.

